Update Linux Install guide to include launch args over run_northstar.txt (#132)
R2Northstar/NorthstarWiki: docs/steamdeck-and-linux/installing-on-steamdeck-and-linux.md

3. Install NorthstarProton
   1. **Protonup-QT**: Click _About_, then tick the box to enable _advanced mode_. You should be able to select and install NorthstarProton from the _Add version_ menu.
   2. **ProtonPlus**: NorthstarProton can also be installed via ProtonPlus.
   3. **Manual**: Download the latest release of [NorthstarProton](https://github.com/cyrv6737/NorthstarProton/releases/), extract it, and place the folder in one of the following directories:
      * **Steam (Native Package) & Steam Deck:** `~/.local/share/Steam/compatibilitytools.d`
      * **Steam (Flatpak):** `~/.var/app/com.valvesoftware.Steam/data/Steam/compatibilitytools.d/`
4. Restart Steam. Head to `Properties -> Compatibility` under Titanfall2. Check `Force the use of a specific Steam Play compatibility tool` checkbox, then set the Steam Play compatibility tool to NorthstarProton.
5. Add `%command% -northstar` as a [launch option](../installing-northstar/troubleshooting.md#launch-opts) to Titanfall2
6. Launch Titanfall2, it should now launch Northstar

Note that removing the `%command% -northstar` will cause Steam to launch the vanilla game again.

> > **Note:** this guide assumes you're *up to date with Northstar Proton*, as the method used to launch Northstar changed in Northstar Proton v8.1-1.\

Reviewer: It might be good to have the keep NorthstarProton naming consistent here and say `NorthstarProton-8.1-1` instead of `Northstar Proton v8.1-1`

Reviewer 2: Done with 41569c7aa2deb74398ebdcdbc67741ee85d4903a

> If you're using an older version of NorhtstarProton, replace the information about launch options with a text file called `run_northstar.txt`, the only text in the file being a 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using an older version of NorthstarProton, replace the information about launch options with a text file called `run_northstar.txt`, the only text in the file being a 1.
```

typo ^^

> If you're using an older version of NorhtstarProton, replace the information about launch options with a text file called `run_northstar.txt`, the only text in the file being a 1.

Reviewer 2: IMO for a Linux nooby this line feels a bit too vague. At the very least you should state where the file should be located.

> > **Note:** this guide assumes you're *up to date with NorthstarProton*, as the method used to launch Northstar changed in NorthstarProton-8.1-1.\
> If you're using an older version of NorthstarProton, replace the information about launch options with a text file called `run_northstar.txt` in your Titanfall2 directory, making the text file only have a 1 inside of it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}
This guide assumes you're *up to date with NorthstarProton*, as the method used to launch Northstar changed in NorthstarProton-8.1-1 which was released on 2023-02-22.\
If you're using an older version of NorthstarProton, replace the information about launch options with a text file called `run_northstar.txt` in your Titanfall2 directory. This text file should have a single character `1` inside.
{% endhint %}
```

GitBook style formatting to show the info in a banner as well as adding a date to the NorthstarProton release to give a reference of time and slight rephrasing. ^^
